Minor caching changes and readme update (#86)
Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net: README.md

> ### How to set up webhook-enabled caching

Reviewer: 20 seconds is good for demonstration purposes, but it is not good for caching in a production environment. Please consider changing this value to 10 minutes.

All content retrieved from Kentico Kontent is by default [cached](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/master/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Caching/Default/CachingDeliveryClient.cs) in a [MemoryCache](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.caching.memory.memorycache) singleton object. When the retrieved content is stale (newer version exists) the response is cached for 2 seconds by default, otherwise it is cached for 20 seconds. You can change the expiration times in [Startup](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/6fb2b26deecb858f3853d84e29121e3f17b3a291/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Startup.cs#L47).

> If you need updated content as soon as possible, you can use another caching strategy where entries are invalidated by webhooks. In order to enable this strategy just switch to another implemented [caching client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/master/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Caching/Webhooks/CachingDeliveryClient.cs) by using `IServiceCollection.AddWebhookInvalidatedCachingClient` extension in [Startup](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/6fb2b26deecb858f3853d84e29121e3f17b3a291/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Startup.cs#L53). Also, you need to create a webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If displaying outdated content for a limited time is not an option, you need to use another caching strategy and invalidate cached content when a webhook notification about content change is received. To enable this caching strategy just switch to another [caching client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/master/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Caching/Webhooks/CachingDeliveryClient.cs) by using `IServiceCollection.AddWebhookInvalidatedCachingClient` extension in [Startup](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/6fb2b26deecb858f3853d84e29121e3f17b3a291/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Startup.cs#L53). Also, you need to create a webhook.
```

> If you need updated content as soon as possible, you can use another caching strategy where entries are invalidated by webhooks. In order to enable this strategy just switch to another implemented [caching client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/master/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Caching/Webhooks/CachingDeliveryClient.cs) by using `IServiceCollection.AddWebhookInvalidatedCachingClient` extension in [Startup](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/6fb2b26deecb858f3853d84e29121e3f17b3a291/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Startup.cs#L53). Also, you need to create a webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If displaying outdated content for a limited time is not an option, you need to use another caching strategy and invalidate cached content when a webhook notification about content change is received. To enable this caching strategy just switch to another [caching client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/master/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Caching/Webhooks/CachingDeliveryClient.cs) by using `IServiceCollection.AddWebhookInvalidatedCachingClient` extension in [Startup](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-boilerplate-net/blob/6fb2b26deecb858f3853d84e29121e3f17b3a291/src/content/Kentico.Kontent.Boilerplate/Startup.cs#L53).
```

> To create the webhook, go to Project settings --> Webhooks --> Create new Webhook. Give it a name (like "Cache invalidation webhook") and the publicly routable URL of your app with `/Webhooks/KenticoKontent` appended (like "https://myapp.azurewebsites.net/Webhooks/KenticoKontent"). Then, copy the API secret and paste it as the `KenticoKontentWebhookSecret` environment variable (secret) into your app's settings (e.g. appsettings.json).

Reviewer 2: it's not `/Webhooks/KenticoKontent` but `/Webhooks/Webhooks`
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9810625/69443788-68336e80-0d4f-11ea-9720-91600d3fce30.png)

Author: Updated

> To create the webhook, go to Project settings --> Webhooks --> Create new Webhook. Give it a name (like "Cache invalidation webhook") and the publicly routable URL of your app with `/Webhooks/Webhooks` appended (like "https://myapp.azurewebsites.net/Webhooks/Webhooks"). Then, copy the API secret and paste it as the `KenticoKontentWebhookSecret` environment variable (secret) into your app's settings (e.g. appsettings.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you need to [create a webhook](https://docs.kontent.ai/tutorials/develop-apps/integrate/using-webhooks-for-automatic-updates#a-creating-a-webhook). When entering a webhook URL, append a `/Webhooks/Webhooks` path to a publicly available URL address of the application, e.g. `https://myapp.azurewebsites.net/Webhooks/Webhooks`. Finally, copy the API secret and put it into the app settings (usually the appsettings.json) as the `KenticoKontentWebhookSecret` environment variable.
```
